color,*Background lightgray
color,*darkBackground gray
color,*lightBackground #dfdfdf
color,*Foreground black
color,*activeBackground gray
color,*activeForeground black
color,*disabledForeground gray55
color,*selectBackground lightblue
color,*selectForeground black
color,*selectColor yellow
color,*highlightBackground Background
color,*highlightColor black
text,*ColorList {
	{blue cyan green yellow orange red magenta}
	{blue3 cyan3 green3 yellow3 orange3 red3 magenta3}
	{black gray20 gray40 gray50 gray60 gray80 white}
}
color,*Entry.background rosybrown
color,*Text.background rosybrown
color,*Listbox.background lightBackground
color,*Scale.foreground black
color,*Scale.activeForeground Background
color,*Scale.background Background
color,*Scale.sliderForeground Background
color,*Scale.sliderBackground lightBackground
color,*Scrollbar.foreground Background
color,*Scrollbar.activeForeground Backgroun
color,*Scrollbar.background lightBackground
color,*label.background darkBackground
